nevermoreshadowraze1 = true
kunkkatorrent = true
linadragonslave = true
shreddertimberchain = true
jakiroicepath = true
nevermoreshadowraze3 = true
puckillusoryorb = true
linalightstrikearray = true
shadowdemonshadowpoison = true
invokerchaosmeteor = true
invokeremp = true
magnataurskewer = true
magnataurshockwave = true
rattletraprocketflare = true
miranaarrow = true
jakiromacropyre = true
eldertitanearthsplitter = true
batriderflamebreak = true
lionimpale = true
nevermoreshadowraze2 = true
spectrespectraldagger = true
invokersunstrike = true
meepoearthbind = true
vengefulspiritwaveofterror = true
earthshakerfissure = true
venomancervenomousgale = true
earthspiritbouldersmash = true
weavertheswarm = true
slarkpounce = true
queenofpainsonicwave = true
pugnanetherblast = true
earthspiritrollingboulder = true
jakirodualbreath = true
shredderchakram = true
nyxassassinimpale = true
tinyavalanche = true
tuskiceshards = true
invokertornado = true
ancientapparitioniceblast = true
beastmasterwildaxes = true
rattletraphookshot = true
leshracsplitearth = true
invokerdeafeningblast = true
deathprophetcarrionswarm = true
windrunnerpowershot = true
pudgemeathook = true
skywrathmagemysticflare = true
